www/evolution-caldav||%%DATE%%|Now included in evolution-data-server and evolution
audio/gstreamer-plugins-artsd|audio/gstreamer-plugins-artsd80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
audio/gstreamer-plugins-audiofile|audio/gstreamer-plugins-audiofile80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
audio/gstreamer-plugins-cdaudio|audio/gstreamer-plugins-cdaudio80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
sysutils/gstreamer-plugins-cdio|sysutils/gstreamer-plugins-cdio80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
multimedia/gstreamer-plugins-dirac|multimedia/gstreamer-plugins-dirac80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
multimedia/gstreamer-plugins-dts|multimedia/gstreamer-plugins-dts80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
multimedia/gstreamer-plugins-dvd|multimedia/gstreamer-plugins-dvd80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
graphics/gstreamer-plugins-gdkpixbuf|graphics/gstreamer-plugins-gdkpixbuf80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
graphics/gstreamer-plugins-hermes|graphics/gstreamer-plugins-hermes80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
audio/gstreamer-plugins-jack|audio/gstreamer-plugins-jack80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
multimedia/gstreamer-plugins-libfame|multimedia/gstreamer-plugins-libfame80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
graphics/gstreamer-plugins-libmng|graphics/gstreamer-plugins-libmng80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
audio/gstreamer-plugins-mikmod|audio/gstreamer-plugins-mikmod80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
multimedia/gstreamer-plugins-mpeg2enc|multimedia/gstreamer-plugins-mpeg2enc80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
multimedia/gstreamer-plugins-mplex|multimedia/gstreamer-plugins-mplex80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
audio/gstreamer-plugins-musicbrainz|audio/gstreamer-plugins-musicbrainz80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
audio/gstreamer-plugins-nas|audio/gstreamer-plugins-nas80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
audio/gstreamer-plugins-polypaudio|audio/gstreamer-plugins-polypaudio80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
audio/gstreamer-plugins-shout|audio/gstreamer-plugins-shout80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
audio/gstreamer-plugins-smoothwave|audio/gstreamer-plugins-smoothwave80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
audio/gstreamer-plugins-sndfile|audio/gstreamer-plugins-sndfile80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
graphics/gstreamer-plugins-swfdec|graphics/gstreamer-plugins-swfdec80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
multimedia/gstreamer-plugins-x264|multimedia/gstreamer-plugins-x26480|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
multimedia/gstreamer-plugins-xvid|multimedia/gstreamer-plugins-xvid80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
graphics/gstreamer-plugins-jpeg-mmx|graphics/gstreamer-plugins-jpeg-mmx80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
audio/gstreamer-plugins-polyp|audio/gstreamer-plugins-polyp80|%%DATE%%|Not part of gstreamer 0.10 yet
